feat: update weeks 2.6 & 2.7 & 2.8 (#1538)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage2/README.md

  <summary markdown="span">Mentor activities</summary>

- [Weekly meeting with students](https://docs.rs.school/#/mentoring?id=e%d0%b6%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%b5%d0%b4%d0%b5%d0%bb%d1%8c%d0%bd%d1%8b%d0%b9-%d0%bc%d0%b8%d1%82%d0%b8%d0%bd%d0%b3-%d1%81%d0%be-%d1%81%d1%82%d1%83%d0%b4%d0%b5%d0%bd%d1%82%d0%b0%d0%bc%d0%b8)

> - [Checking the Draft version](https://docs.rs.school/#/pull-request-review-process) задания [Async Race](./tasks/async-race/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Checking the Draft version](https://docs.rs.school/#/pull-request-review-process) of the task [Async Race](./tasks/async-race/)
```

Author: @KristiBo , thank you, I've already merged it, I'll fix it in the next PR.
